Immediate TO DO for new version (ignore everything else for now):
-Auto backups, not just save.
-Wealth auto generation.
-Health auto generation.
-Costable repairs.
-Costable health regeneration.
-Manual (geolocation) repairs.

-----------------------------------------------------------------



























---------
TEST PLAN
---------

-----
DOING
-----
Canid default.
New dialogs.
Notification comms error irritation.
Mutex on entities and new entity lists.
Improved top bar UI.

----
BUGS
----
Concurrency exception on Missiles container.

-----
MINOR
-----
Multiple missile targetting and synced/timed launches.
Server information & rules, with echo on server terminal for verification.
Rotate avatars.
Don't let players buy ore mines without enough money.
Threat time calculations wrong (showing equivelant time to entity, not target location).
UI issues when surfacing (don't allow access to underground menu).
Make Canids the default interceptor batteries are loaded with, not Ludos (first non-shoulder-launchable).
Give choice of structure names, and move them to the main build screen.
"An activation code will be sent to your e-mail address".

-----
MAJOR
-----
Radiation/nuclear missiles.
Seperate notification for nuclear missiles.
Renamable structures and nameable ore mines.
Ability to decomission missiles.
Ability of players to die and respawn after a certain amount of damage.
Name changing.
Bombs, instead of current sabotage mode.
"Player of the week", with star icon.
Min ore value/generation time.

-----
OTHER
-----
Ability to kick players.
Max player cap.
VIP e-mail list (bypasses max player cap).
Banned e-mail list.

-----
MAYBE
-----
Damage/HP on structures, with 'GO TO' to repair?
Server performance metrics etc.
Enable/disable sounds option.
Hook into volume control stream so the volume of game sounds can be changed at any time (try it again; had UI issues last time but they persisted after removing it).
Survivability and attack success probability information / missile vs battery statistics.
Use Fused Location Provider instead of Location Manager.
Google Service API required message/handling?
Player screen sort choice.
Manual control of interceptor batteries.
'Fire & forget' mode for batteries.
Intelligent protection for batteries.
Diplomacy, with sharing battery features.
AI's to target ore mines.
Make stuff take longer and generally be more disrupted in radioactive areas.
Login with Google & Facebook.
